Can I get your full name please.
Okay. And what is your ethnicity.
I'm glad.
Okay, cool.
What's your your birth. 1993.
Okay, and hometown where you come from Bethany.
Okay, cool.
How, how many lives of mobile. How many years have you lived in Atlanta area like eight months.
Okay.
Okay that was cool. Alright, um, any other places you live.
Just Brooklyn here.
Okay, cool, cool was like the highest form of education.
Um High School.
Cool, cool.
Occupation Current occupation. I'm a schoolteacher.
What about your parents birthplace.
There was one is St. Vincent.
Let's see. And what was their occupation and stuff.
My mom used to be a school teacher.
And then when she came to the States, she became an RN.
And my dad.
He did he plays soccer, and he
is it a seamstress when you're in by.
Well, he, he was a seamstress and then we came to the states he did like on custodial work.
Cool, Cool, cool.
What do you do last night.
I went out.
Where'd you go. So I party.
White people there. All right, like your clothes always close, it was all my birthday party. Okay, cool thing.
Did you see anybody at the party would not all white.
Of course, I want to be different oh we're black, because just because we're so what happened is that all white party I never been before.
I mean it's different things. I mean, it depends on what type of party he goes if you go say American, an American or white party might be different type of music people might act different maybe go so like a Caribbean side, which I went to get like a
different reaction because like you know different music, and stuff like that so.
Okay Okay, um,
When you came down here from eight years ago. I'm assuming that the culture was a little bit different.
What was some of the things you noticed that was different about being in Atlanta Dan, and New York.
Um.
When I first came on it. Obviously, there wasn't like things weren't that close, it was stressful because I had to get arrives I go everywhere. Also when I went to school.
Like with teachers with different accidents like that come from different countries like the West Indies and you know like other places that kids will make fun of them and now we'll kind of get to me a little bit I don't know if it's because, you know,
my parents are from a different country or if it's because you know it's something that I'm used to because being in New York every is everything is diverse so you know nobody's different from anybody else, you know.
Okay, that's pretty interesting.
Um, let's see. What about a crew, you got a particular crow you hang with now.
How's that we accrue like we're cool like I have yet Right, right.
Okay. So what would I do I like on a typical weekend.
weekend or pie go out for a party or to a club or to a lounge or go bowling, or something, or studio.
Studio. Are you good in any of those environments can you bow Can you sing a little bit, and like a thing a little bit but I'm sure song you know singing in a studio.
That's cool. Um, let's see.
So I'm assuming that you went to middle school and high school here. No, no, I went to high school out here, you went to high school.
My school
is a. Okay. How was.
How was that experience.
I didn't like it at first because I didn't know anybody and I didn't want to be.
But after a while it was cool.
Like a lot of different clubs, you could join and different activities and stuff at school like I was in choir there and I used to stay after school and do like some choir practice and stuff like that.
And we will have like recitals and stuff.
Oh, nice. Okay, okay.
Outside acquire Did you have any favorite subjects in school.
Oh, like science.
I like, I like, I like science, I think I started like a science when I was in junior high school because I had to teach it I really used to push me a lot.
And like I was making good grades, I was like, you know, like kind of like this I'm making good grades.
And you know you can learn a lot with science so basically everything you do, equal up with some science.
What's your least favorite subject in school math. Okay.
They say math and kind of go with everything as well too.
But why why why is maps, the most least favorite so as hard like you feel like you get something you write everything down and you feel like you get in some way and then it ends up being wrong especially algebra Oh my god, don't get me started.
Okay.
Let's see what else we got. Um How, how far was your career, from the school from school here or school near law school here like could you walk to school, or would you. I mean I could walk by me dead by the time I get.
I mean driving. It's like five minutes walking is like 20 was used to do a lot more walking back.
Did you take the bus to school. Yeah. Awesome. Sounds good. All right.
How many fights in school did you fight. I've been getting a lot of fights out here.
When I was in New York, Atlanta maybe to a man like bad kid so I didn't really use a lot of fights I mean a lot of people don't like me but they wouldn't have to do nothing so.
Okay.
Was there any type of games for fun match I would play either in school out of school. Whatever.
I'm
not a high school me I know when I was in New York when I, when I was in junior high, I would leave my house extra early to go to the park in the morning time to swim on the swings as old as I was in junior high I could still fit on the swings early before
class in the morning show you one double dutch and how does a lot of hopscotch and jump regular road but I can never get double dutch need to figure that out.
might be too tall.
We'll try. Um, let's see.
What was your first job.
My first job
was at a lot on machine, it was for a summer. It was at a nursing home.
And I was at a lot of machine.
And then when I came to Georgia. It was at a daycare, and I was at the front desk.
So a lot of machine does in New York, and I was like 15 or just like a summer thing.
You feel like you got a lot of good experience from that first job or whatnot. Yeah, dealing with people and dealing with, you know, different attitudes because you know a lot of people come in and they got attitudes about the lotto.
Um, let's see. Do you have any siblings. Yeah. Okay.
What are you the youngest oldest or your clothes I'm the youngest. Okay.
Let's see.
Did you feel like you was treated differently because he was the youngest or whatnot.
Oh,
yeah.
Okay.
I'm, I'm more close with my mom died.
My dad side I mean, I have somebody live in New York and then some Bellamy St. Vincent, Bonnie went there one time, and I don't really, I mean I talked to them every now and again but I don't see them.
So I'm more closer my mom's family.
Okay.
What kind of dishes Can you remember growing up.
I can remember.
I had a lot of birthday parties, and we had a lot of parties to like in the summertime used to have like a big barbecue. And that's my favorite time like it was so much fun like everybody you see for that you didn't see for a while come around, it'll
just be like, you know, old times it'll be fun.
When you get the opportunity, do you plan on keeping those traditions alive. As
I like to go out and I like to have fun and I like my culture so of course I'm going to keep that in my family I want my kids to know about their culture and our culture last we say about your culture.
Will you say about your culture. You mean specifically.
New York culture, like Caribbean like, I'm from New York but I consider myself like my mom is from and like, because I love that type of music. I love the whole Carnival experience, the whole you know everything about it is, is beautiful so.
So how many Carnival type events have you been to in your lifetime.
Oh, all of them, I mean I've been playing.
carnival. So carnivals they do those in America, and outside of America right you've done one outside of America, yeah when I went to St. Vincent for the first time I played
very, very impressive. Oh and Canada, and he can twice. Twice.
Okay.
I think it's a great thing I love the festivities. From the outside looking in, I want to participate one day.
Tell me something about the costumes and stuff like that because they look extravagant are they, expensive or they're very expensive.
For frontline costume you're paying almost $500 for mid line three back line, the lease is like 250.
Oh, like, yeah, and if you're playing like like a queen like a king or of the band it's like almost 1000. So, so you say Queen but me say King guys dress up to all the millions of pitches are saying the people at Carnival I have yet to see a guy in some
type of costume person. I mean, they don't have the extravagant feathers and stuff like that like this, it was a.
If it's the king.
Yeah, yeah, if it's a, if it's a king, then you have like a you have basically like a train on you that the customer was has like wheels.
So it'd be easy for you to maneuver in it but if you're playing like a regular you know like regular costume. You're not going to really know, like, you might see a guy, but you're not going to notice what he has on because it's only almost the guys are
just shirtless with shorts and like some kind of jewelry around the neck or something like that and a headband, it's nothing too extravagant when you're just playing with the band like, but when it's like the king or queen is, you'll notice those stand
out because it's huge.
Definitely, definitely.
Um, Let's see.
This randomly. What's your thoughts on the whole R Kelly situation if you heard of it. Anything. Have you heard anything in the news lately. Well, not like me.
Okay, well, like maybe a couple weeks ago. Yeah, yeah, that's where I kind of refer to apparently he's like, you know, got chicks in some type of dungeon situation I'm not sure how true that is but just based off of that.
What's your thoughts.
I mean I really don't know. I can't speak on something I don't know because we weren't there when you know he approached these females or whatever the case may be.
So I really don't know and I can speak on it because I don't know, does the accusation affect the way you listen to his music do you still, still listen to his music, you still love his music, still sound bumping I shut all away ago.
Okay, why are you why you say, I say, in particular, because I know he got us a situation to going on right now, but that doesn't affect how I listen to his music we make good music you make good music is actions don't have nothing to do with me listening
to what he was singing about. So, okay, very very interesting, very, very interesting.
I've been asking some everybody this question. Did you see the eclipse.
No, I was sleep.
our sleep,
rain but.
But, yeah, it got dark, and I just thought it was about to rain. I didn't, I didn't remember.
So, I was sleep
is our is that music, that they play in carnival.
And some Soca or Calypso Soca or reggae.
Okay. What other types of genres of music do you enjoy listening.
I like RMB like hip hop.
And I like pop.
Okay so pretty diverse and stuff like that. any particular x character.
I like scissor like savage Trita like Chris Brown, like Trey Songz, I like Kodak black car TV,
Kenya.
Oh, I listened to so much music. I like I'm stumbling. He's it right now I forgot his name though money bag Yo, I like him too.
Everybody, I mean,
I love the video I like African music too I forgot to say that I love African music, so African music is totally different. Goodness Soca reggae, Yeah.
Yeah, I like, I like a lot of different types of music mm hmm different types of artists. I feel like when some people look at my playlist or hear like different things when I'm driving around with them, they're like oh you listen to this like a one thing
I will listen to it like I like I love music, basically.
Um, what about your difference when it comes to the music What about the TV shows what different types of shows Do you watch your movies.
No, I think I'm, since I'm older now.
I haven't really even been watching TV like that. Honestly, I can tell, I can say, when I come in the house my TV's on the same channel for about three four days, but when I do watch TV I watch power, a lot of stuff be on record to so much power insecure.
I like musicals if there's a musical movie on I'm watching that
Riverdale.
I don't even like loving hip hop like them what is crazy.
I like scary movies so if there's a scary movie or a scary show I'm watching it like True Blood days to be my show, but it doesn't come on anymore.
Yes scream is good, it was cheesy at first but I like it.
Like some shows on Netflix I do black people. I mean they're white people.
Pretty Little Liars this sound familiar.
This is show. This is serious.
See
the spores power what episode Have you gotten up to as far as this season.
I'm ready for the one tomorrow, ready for the season finale, and this season.
Well, I know what I'm doing after this interview, not awake caught up in his power.
So tomorrow.
Really want to speak on power some more and I haven't watched it enough to spoil it for you. So, I don't care i'm gonna watch it.
Let's see, what about fashion, are you into fashion is that a big deal to you or not, not really.
I like anything that looks nice. I mean I'm not a label donkey donkey Yeah, like if I can afford it and it looks nice. I'm getting it.
And was, was afforded something in your text for a moment, like how, how much would you pay for a fly shirt that you like
the most app is probably like
30 $40.
More for sir. Oh,
what about shoes.
shoes, is a really good pair of shoes. price kind of like 100, and some chain.
Yes it, but like, if it's like I'm not gonna go extravagant like it red bottoms or something, if it's just not my birthday or something like, if it's my birthday then okay I see if it's been like that 809 hundred for some red bottoms.
But I mean, like I said, if it's cute, and is $20, and forget it.
So where do you see yourself in the next five years.
Oh.
Hopefully I have my Rn or my CNA by then, and I'm working probably as a traveling nurse, and
probably started my career.
Opening a senior living home I want to open a senior living at home.
Okay.
That's pretty commendable lot of people forget about old people, especially right now at their, you know, peak of adulthood coming into it right out of passion.
want to help older people like that.
Or is the money thing.
I mean the money's gonna be good too, but I've been working with, with older people for a while, and
it's crazy because like family members, they tend to forget about the, your mom or dad or aunts, uncles, and at the end of the day, their family becomes us the workers, so I just always have like a soft spot for them.
And they're sweet like I mean they at some point in life that's going to be me. You know, so I want somebody to care about me. And remember me and take care of me, if I need it, you know,
another random was out there.
Have you ever broken any balls. know, who.
What about.
Let's see.
Do you use lotion.
Of course I you
know cuz you know, I don't really matter, but what kind of lotion. If it.
Oh, it's a big tub of coconut, I mean cook cocoa butter.
You can get it from Sally's or $1 store or Walmart. Okay, so you prefer, and sometimes I'm mixed like oil with it. I can teach you all of a sudden, put the lotion in Miami and then I put the order together because I'm dark skin so I got to keep smooth,
or sometimes raw coconut oil.
spores.
When's the last time. You've been back to New York.
Oh wow, maybe like two three years
now.
Only one It seems like forever. Okay, so, so what, how, what have you noticed change when you went back to your old neighborhood or just wherever your
building is or people, I noticed like they're building a lot.
They build on a lot of apartments like they've been in a lot of places up like I know downtown Brooklyn they're building a lot of laughs and condos and stuff, they're going to net especially since the stadium is out there they want it to fit the image
I guess so.
And like my old that turned into a party like when you go outside his music playing is a whole bunch of different restaurants now,
a big family dollar.
So nice nice nice.
What about your friends do they feel like and change that most drastic and really at least like the way you talk now.
I'm just sometimes they hear what they say sometimes they hear but not all the time. Okay. And that's maybe because I keep in contact with them too So, and then some of my friends out here there's some new or two.
or new way type of phrases or slaying a US.
Oh, they say, It's late.
They say says, okay, they say.
She's dragging you dragging like them What is it, what does that mean me like, okay, like, say you're doing something, and it's get them on there let me let you dragon like you doing too much.
Basically,
what is possibly a movie. Okay.
Some other stuff I can think of it, it comes more on when like when you talk again.
Crazy. Okay.
Right. It may say I have incompetent pseudo, what about as far as Atlanta I know you know, a few phrases for being here.
They say bra.
Everybody say they say bro, bro. When I first came on here bro.
So, so what else. So this is different between so is Sit. Sit. Sis, slideshow says that he doing some ices relaxing, so they'll say bros much they're not as thought you know what matters on to say, bro.
but she'll say like bro, but she like bra, or bro. Yeah, yeah. Okay, so we got we got. So, so that
I don't really know.
I mean, I gotta say I gotta help you out with this more when if I was in high school, because now I don't really have that much people that are from like out here that I hang out with.
Okay. And if they are they adapting to how we talk how New Yorkers.
Or you know, how other you know other places to work. Okay. So who approached you more guys or girls, guys. Okay.
So when guys approached you are they more so.
Atlanta type of guys being in Atlanta or is it more of a different type of person.
Usually, it's a little bit about this a little bit of both. So, let's say, Atlanta guys coming at you with some of the typical wise you feel like they'll probably hit you with or how are they trying to go about.
Sometimes they will like the other day I was at the store.
I'm pay for my dress this boy come up to me and I'm using my car I'm thinking about to scam me so I'm like what is going on you like put your, put your number my phone, and I'm like what no hi No, your ad or how you do it.
So we could call softer call you after is No, I'm good. Okay.
I like the confidence though.
We failed.
Let's see
what you've been to do.
If I'm at the gas station gas.
So they don't even do no type of introduction, they just come on out with it like they just know you're right. Okay, that's cool.
How do you feel about people who call you miss lady that you feel some type of way about that. Not really. What about, man.
Now, no.
Okay, no that is a big deal, don't come on man, you know, call me No man that big of a deal. Okay, as interesting I'm sorry I realized that, let's see.
Did you go to any pose this summer. Yeah, I was a white what is the latter.
Are you actually got in the water. Okay. Can you swim. No, no. okay, I just walked around.
That's awesome. I really want to be the go to white waters or. I've been there all summer, right, this may be gambling and that maybe ride a roller coasters something, and I'm going draw.
Oh.